# Homework 2: Process Mining

**Prof. Dr. S. Laengle, University of Chile, *Business Process Analysis and Automation*, May 2018**
## Goals

This group homework aims to learn and practice the most important process mining techniques by using *Pyhton*, *graphviz*, and *matplotlib*. The group has three event logs in `.csv` format. The first database, `simple.csv`, is totally developed with the Jupyter notebook implementation `simple.ipynb`. Before to answer the questions, study carefully the event log `simple.csv` and test different options that are proposed there.

## Instructions

Remember: Beautiful (specially readable) diagrams and good interpretations, much better.

> The delivery term is on __May 31 at 24:00__
. You can ask the professor any time or by appointment.

## Questions

Answer following questions **for each event log database**:

1. **(1/3)** Obtain a *readable* and *beautiful* workflow model(s), where the manager interpret the bottlenecks and improvements options easily. Additionally, propose interesting exploring initiatives or direct improvement measures according the flow and tasks.

2. **(1/3)** Obtain *readable* and *beautiful* handover network(s), shared cases network(s), and shared activities network(s). Compair different centrality measures of each node for every network and present them in a *convenient* format. Additionally, discuss interpretations of these results or propose interesting exploring initiatives or direct improvement measures.

3. **(1/3)** Obtain *readable* and *beautiful* graph(s) and histogram(s) representing performance measures. Additionally, discuss interpretations of these results or propose interesting exploring initiatives or direct improvement measures.

